feat(docs): add a basic eslint doc (#23767)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-eslint.mdx

import { FileTree } from '~/ui/components/FileTree';
import { Tabs, Tab, TabsGroup } from '~/ui/components/Tabs';
import { Step } from '~/ui/components/Step';

<TabsGroup>

[ESLint](https://eslint.org/) is a JavaScript linter that helps you find and fix errors in your code. It's a great tool to help you write better code and catch mistakes before they make it to production.

## Setup

<Step label="1">

Install ESLint in your project.

<Tabs>
    <Tab label="npm">
        <Terminal cmd={['$ npm install eslint eslint-config-universe --save-dev']} />
    </Tab>

    <Tab label="yarn">
        <Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D eslint eslint-config-universe']} />
    </Tab>

</Tabs>

</Step>

<Step label="2">

Create an ESLint config file––**.eslintrc.js**––in the project root.

```js .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  root: true,
  extends: [
    /* @info This is the internal preset used by the Expo team. You can use any plugin you'd like. */
    'universe/native',
    /* @end */
  ],
};
```

</Step>

<Step label="3">

Add a **script** to your **package.json** to run ESLint.

```json package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    "lint": "eslint ."
  }
}
```

> You may want to replace the `.` with specific directories or files to lint. For example, if you use Expo Router, you can use `eslint app` to lint only your routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can replace the `.` with specific directories or files to lint. For example, if you use Expo Router, you can use the `eslint app` command to lint only your routes inside the **app** directory.
```

</Step>

## Usage

> You can lint your code manually from the command-line with with the script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can lint your code manually from the command-line with the script:
```

<Tabs>
    <Tab label="npm">
        <Terminal cmd={['$ npm run lint']} />
    </Tab>

    <Tab label="yarn">
        <Terminal cmd={['$ yarn lint']} />
    </Tab>

</Tabs>

If you're using VS Code, you can install the [ESLint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) to lint your code as you type (recommended).

## Envrionment configuration

> ESLint is generally configured for a single environment, the source code in an Expo app, while written in JavaScript, is run in multiple different environments. For example, the **app.config.js**, **metro.config.js**, **babel.config.js**, and **app/+html.tsx** files are run in Node.js envrionments, this means they have access to the global `__dirname` variable, and can use Node.js modules like `path`. Standard Expo project files like **app/index.js** can be run in Hermes, Node.js, or the web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ESLint is generally configured for a single environment. However, the source code is written in JavaScript in an Expo app runs in multiple different environments. For example, the **app.config.js**, **metro.config.js**, **babel.config.js**, and **app/+html.tsx** files are run in a Node.js environment. It means they have access to the global `__dirname` variable and can use Node.js modules such as `path`. Standard Expo project files like **app/index.js** can be run in Hermes, Node.js, or the web browser.
```

- The first sentence has too many pauses, so created separation by splitting it into two sentences.
- Fixed grammatical errors

> You can add the `eslint-env` comment directive to the top of a file to tell ESLint which environment the file is run in. For example, to tell ESLint that a file is run in Node.js, add the following comment to the top of the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the `eslint-env` comment directive to the top of a file to tell ESLint which environment the file is running in. For example, to tell ESLint that a file is run in Node.js, add the following comment to the top of the file:
```

```js metro.config.js
/* eslint-env node */
const { getDefaultConfig } = require('expo/metro-config');

/** @type {import('expo/metro-config').MetroConfig} */
const config = getDefaultConfig(
  /* @info This will no longer assert linting errors */ __dirname /* @end */
);

module.exports = config;
```

## Troubleshooting

> ### ESLint is updating in VS Code

Author: ```suggestion
### ESLint is not updating in VS Code
```
